Lingling and Betty are leaving the zoo.
Did you like the zoo?
Yes, I saw the pandas at last, but I am more interested to see the pandas in the war-long
panda reserve because it allows people to get closer to them.
It's sad to think of pandas and other animals in danger.
We need to protect them better.
Yes, many wild animals don't have a safe place to live, because villages and farms
are growing bigger and are taking away their land and forests.
Also, often there isn't enough clean water.
I think we all need to help animals live in peace.
Look, there's a notice.
It says, help!
We want to save animals in danger and we need your help.
But what can we do?
It says, your money pays to look after the animals.
That means we can give money to help protect the animals.
Maybe we can raise some money at school.
Let's find out what else we can do to save as many animals as possible.